document non graceful node shutdown feature (#32406)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

The kubelet checks D-value of the size of `/proc/sys/kernel/pid_max` and the PIDs consumed by Kubernetes on a node to get the number of available PIDs that referred to as the `pid.available` metric. The metric is then compared to the corresponding threshold that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the node condition and taint should be added/removed.

### node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service

> Example: `node.kubernetes.io/pid-pressure:NoExecute`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service:NoExecute`
```

Author: Done.

> An user can manually add the taint to the node marking it out-of-service. If `NodeOutOfServiceVolumeDetach` feature gate is enabled on `kube-controller-manager` and node is marked out-of-service using this taint then volume detach for the pods terminating on this node will happen immediately without waiting for 6 minutes timeout period. This allows the pods on out-of-service node to get to running state quickly on a different node.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A user can manually add the taint to a Node marking it out-of-service. If the `NodeOutOfServiceVolumeDetach` 
feature gate is enabled on `kube-controller-manager` and a Node is marked out-of-service with this taint,
volume detach operations for Pods terminating on the node will happen immediately without waiting for 6
minutes timeout period. This allows the Pods on the out-of-service node to recover quickly on a different node. 
```

The kubelet checks D-value of the size of `/proc/sys/kernel/pid_max` and the PIDs consumed by Kubernetes on a node to get the number of available PIDs that referred to as the `pid.available` metric. The metric is then compared to the corresponding threshold that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the node condition and taint should be added/removed.

### node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service:NoExecute`

A user can manually add the taint to a Node marking it out-of-service. If the `NodeOutOfServiceVolumeDetach` 

> feature gate is enabled on `kube-controller-manager` and a Node is marked out-of-service with this taint,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled on
`kube-controller-manager`, and a Node is marked out-of-service with this taint,
```

The kubelet checks D-value of the size of `/proc/sys/kernel/pid_max` and the PIDs consumed by Kubernetes on a node to get the number of available PIDs that referred to as the `pid.available` metric. The metric is then compared to the corresponding threshold that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the node condition and taint should be added/removed.

### node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service:NoExecute`

> A user can manually add the taint to a Node marking it out-of-service. If the `NodeOutOfServiceVolumeDetach` 

Reviewer 4: Add a note that users must verify that a node is already in shutdown or power off state (not in the middle of restarting) before adding this taint.

[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled on
`kube-controller-manager`, and a Node is marked out-of-service with this taint,

> volume detach operations for Pods terminating on the node will happen immediately without waiting for 6

Reviewer 4: pods on the node will be forcefully deleted if there are no matching tolerations on the pods, volume detach operations ...

> minutes timeout period. This allows the Pods on the out-of-service node to recover quickly on a different node. 

Reviewer 4: The "6 min" is an internal timeout in the attach/detach controller so it is subject to change. It's better not to explicitly mention it in a user facing doc.  I suggest removing "without waiting for 6
minutes timeout period".

> 

Reviewer 4: Add a note that we require the user to manually remove the out-of-service taint after the pods are moved to a new node and the user has checked that the shutdown node has been recovered since the user was the one who originally added the taint.

Reviewer 3: This should be a brief note. Full docs belong elsewhere.

Reviewer 3: Maybe link to a fragment within https://k8s.io/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/?

The kubelet checks D-value of the size of `/proc/sys/kernel/pid_max` and the PIDs consumed by Kubernetes on a node to get the number of available PIDs that referred to as the `pid.available` metric. The metric is then compared to the corresponding threshold that can be set on the kubelet to determine if the node condition and taint should be added/removed.

### node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service

Example: `node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service:NoExecute`

A user can manually add the taint to a Node marking it out-of-service. If the `NodeOutOfServiceVolumeDetach` 
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled on
`kube-controller-manager`, and a Node is marked out-of-service with this taint, the pods on the node will be forcefully deleted if there are no matching tolerations on it and volume detach operations for the pods terminating on the node will happen immediately. This allows the Pods on the out-of-service node to recover quickly on a different node. 

**NOTES:**

- Before adding this taint, it should be verified that the node is already in shutdown or power off state (not in the middle of restarting).

> - The user is required to manually remove the out-of-service taint after the pods are moved to a new node and the user has checked that the shutdown node has been recovered since the user was the one who originally added the taint.

Reviewer 3: Please see https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/32406/files#r836905948

Author: @sftim -- Do you suggest to remove the notes section form `labels-annotations-taints` section?

Reviewer 3: Try this:
```suggestion
{{< caution >}}
Refer to
[Non-graceful node shutdown](/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#non-graceful-node-shutdown)
for further details about when and how to use this taint.
{{< /caution >}}
```
